Add secondary sidebar section and image (#6341)
Microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/getstarted/userinterface.md

* **Activity Bar** -  Located on the far left-hand side, this lets you switch between views and gives you additional context-specific indicators, like the number of outgoing changes when Git is enabled.
* **Panel** - An additional space for views below the editor region. By default, it houses output, debug information, errors and warnings, and an integrated terminal. Panel can also be moved to the left or right for more vertical space.

> >**Tip:** A [Secondary Side Bar](/docs/getstarted/userinterface.md#secondary-side-bar) is also available to display views opposite the Primary Side Bar.

Author: ```suggestion
>**Tip:** A Secondary Side Bar is also available to display views opposite the Primary Side Bar. Learn more on how to open it and drag elements into it in the [Secondary Side Bar](/docs/getstarted/userinterface.md#secondary-side-bar) section.
```

>**Tip:** You can resize editors and reorder them. Drag and drop the editor title area to reposition or resize the editor.

## Secondary Side Bar

> A Secondary Side Bar is also available to display views opposite the Primary Side Bar. You can open it by using one of the following ways:

Author: ```suggestion
The Secondary Side Bar can display views opposite the Primary Side Bar. You can open it as follows:
```

- Use the keyboard shortcut `kb(workbench.action.toggleAuxiliaryBar)`.
- Open the [Command Palette](/docs/getstarted/userinterface.md#command-palette) with the keyboard shortcut `kb(workbench.action.showCommands)` and run the `View: Toggle Secondary Side Bar Visibility` command.

> You can drag Activity Bar icons onto the new Secondary Side Bar that has appeared opposite your Primary Side Bar. Create more tabs by dragging more Activity Bar icons into the top tab area of the Secondary Side Bar.

Author: ```suggestion
You can drag Activity Bar icons onto the new Secondary Side Bar that has appeared opposite your Primary Side Bar. Create more tabs by dragging more icons or views into the top tab area of the Secondary Side Bar. 

> **Tip:** Tip You can open all available views using the `View: Open View` command or the **View** > **Open View** menu command.
```

>**Tip:** You can resize editors and reorder them. Drag and drop the editor title area to reposition or resize the editor.

## Secondary Side Bar

The Secondary Side Bar can display views opposite the Primary Side Bar. You can open it as follows:

- Use the keyboard shortcut `kb(workbench.action.toggleAuxiliaryBar)`.

> - Open the [Command Palette](/docs/getstarted/userinterface.md#command-palette) with the keyboard shortcut `kb(workbench.action.showCommands)` and run the `View: Toggle Secondary Side Bar Visibility` command.

Reviewer: The convention is to use bold for commands so **View: Toggle Secondary Side Bar Visibility**

Author: ```suggestion
- Open the [Command Palette](/docs/getstarted/userinterface.md#command-palette) with the keyboard shortcut `kb(workbench.action.showCommands)` and run the **View: Toggle Secondary Side Bar Visibility** command.
```

Thanks for the hint!

You can drag Activity Bar icons onto the new Secondary Side Bar that has appeared opposite your Primary Side Bar. Create more tabs by dragging more icons or views into the top tab area of the Secondary Side Bar. 

> > **Tip:** Tip You can open all available views using the `View: Open View` command or the **View** > **Open View** menu command.

Reviewer: bold commands so **View: Open View**

Author: ```suggestion
> **Tip:** Tip You can open all available views using the `View: Open View` command or the **View** > Open View** menu command.
```

Oups, formatting mistake. Thanks. ✨
